# Advanced-Locomotion-V4-Expanded-and-Enchanced
Advanced Locomotion V4 Expanded &amp; Enchanced is ALS But with more features like:  -Sliding  -More Ragdoll Animations  -Vaulting (WIP)  -Parkour Animations?  -Dismemberment  -Realistic Camera (In The Camera Manager)  And the best part is....  ALL OFF THESE THINGS LISTED ABOVE ARE COMPLETELY FREE  (There are going to be more advanced features but its going to cost money)  Controls (New Added)  F-Play Animations Parkour (Jumping Over,Front Twist Flip,Front Flip,Big Jump)  G-Vault  X-Ragdoll  Left Mouse Button-Shoot Gun (Rifle,Pistol)  Right Mouse Button-Aim Gun  Left Alt-Slide    Original ALS Description:   IMPORTANT: IT IS HIGHLY ADVISED THAT YOU HAVE A GOOD UNDERSTANDING OF BLUEPRINTS AND ARE FAMILIAR WITH HOW GAME ANIMATION WORKS PRIOR TO YOUR PURCHASE OF THIS PACK. THIS IS NOT A PLUG AND PLAY SYSTEM, AND WORKING WITH IT CAN BE CONFUSING IF YOU ARE NEW TO UE4.   Main Features  Simple yet flexible Base_Character BP with a curve driven approach to movement and rotation (No root motion, all movement except rolling is code driven). Powerful Data Driven AnimBP with a smart approach to locomotion blending, and a robust layering system for the easy addition of game-play states and variation, without tons of extra animations. Other features include sprint impulse, additive leaning, land prediction, turn/rotate in place, Foot IK and more. Fully dynamic Mantling System that uses simple traces to check for climbable geometry. Curve assets are used for smooth location/rotation alignment and movement.  Secondary Features  Experimental Data Driven Camera system using an anim instance to piggy-back off of the state machine functionality, for easy and detailed camera behavior control with states, blends, and anim curves. Basic but functional Ragdoll Blending system to blend seamlessly to and from a ragdoll state. Mostly just for fun ;) Technical Details  Main Stuff  1 Base_Character BP with 1 child. 1 AnimBP for all animation. 1 Player Controller and 3 Widgets for easy debugging functionality. 1 Player Camera Manager with an additional AnimBP for the camera system 4 Interfaces for easy communication between all the main systems. 1 Data Table and multiple curves, structs, and enums used throughout the systems. 1 new AnimMan character mesh with accompanying physics asset, great for prototyping, with easy coloring functionality (within child bp). Over 100 key-framed Animation Examples with cycles, poses transitions, and more.  Secondary Stuff  Many smaller and non essential things like AnimModifiers, AI Examples, Materials Props, and some simple BPs for creating happy looking test levels :)
